In this section, we'll go over best practices on how to test
your smart contracts by introducing the Truffle unit test environment.
So far, we've only been testing our smart contracts manually,
which is by far not the best practice.
Since smart contracts is generally pretty difficult,
we'll use a great tool called Truffle.
Truffle makes it very easy to write unit tests,
mostly Solidity and JavaScript for your smart contracts.
I'll show you how to quickly and easily test your code with JavaScript.
First, let's install Truffle from the command line using NPM
by running npm install truffle --global.
Let's make a new folder in your project directory for all our smart contract logic.
Go ahead and navigate to it and type Truffle in it.
But now initialize this directory for Truffle,
and if you look at the directory again,
you'll see that now we have three new folders: contracts, tests, and migrations.
We'll now move our code for our smart contracts from
Remix into a new file and the contrast directory.
If you're using Visual Studio Code,
I highly recommend installing Solidity plug-in,
as it is extremely helpful.
We'll also make a new file and test directory and call it StarNotaryTest.js.
We'll first begin writing our tests by giving the definition of our smart contract.
Truffle exposes an artifact object for a smart contract that
contains information such as the ABI and other info.
Truffle uses the Mocha JavaScript testing framework but with
more additional helper keywords to help us test for contracts.
Remember those 10 test accounts we got from our local test network?
We can use them here as well to write our unit tests.
We'll go ahead and set the owner wallet to the first of those accounts.
Now, we'll instantiate our smart contract needed for each clause.
Remember, whenever dealing with any interaction in the block chain,
it will be asynchronous.
So, we'll be using the async and await keywords and denote that behavior.
Let's begin testing some basic functionality
by grouping your tests in the describe clause.
We'll then create a test to just see the name of
a restaurant owner using created correctly in the constructor.
Great. Now, we're ready to run our tests in the command line tool.
From the smart contract directory,
run a Truffle test.
You'll see your smart contract get compiled and run our tests.
Great, it looks like our test passed.
Let's keep going. Let's test that our star can be claimed.
Let's make a test that it checks that it belongs to address zero initially,
and then after the owner claims that,
the owner becomes the owner of the star.
I'm going to quickly check that our assumptions are correct,
and the star first belongs to address zero.
Now, let's add the rest of the logic.
Let's see if those tests worked.
It looks like they did. Great. Now, let's test
out the star can be claimed again after an owner has claimed that initially.
We'll put that logic,
and then before each clause,
and focus on testing just the behavior that happens after someone already claimed it.
Now, let's run those tests,
and it looks like that should be it.
Congrats. You now know an effective way to unit
test your smart contracts for faster development later on.
Next up, we'll go over more complex in theorem App Development Standards.